what's going on speech search this is my
review of episode 21 Grodd lives now
this episode was pretty damn good not
the best I would like to say it's just
that every time we get to see
reverse-flash AK Harrison wells AKA
newborn Thawne I feel like that those
are the best episode like this one we
didn't get as much of him but it was
still good nice tease towards the next
episode where we're gonna see oh my god
you guys haven't seen my reaction
towards the new promo it'll be up
tomorrow but I literally freaked out
before I did this review now let's start
off at the beginning of the episode we
have iris finding out that Barry is the
flash and of course she's mad it's iris
we all know she gets mad it's her we all
know it you know the outcome of her
finding out was kind of little bit
sloppy she just walks in STAR Labs like
I come on nobody locks the door at STAR
Labs aren't they worried that Harrison
whales could just come in literally the
guy is a speedster you'd be so fast he
can literally stab you but of course you
know that's just me being nitpicky but
of course Barry doesn't like the fact
that she knows it cuz he wants to
protect her now he has all this weight
off his chest now that she knows it so
he's just telling her the reasons why he
never told her the thing I'm wondering
is that is very gonna tell her that you
know they had a thing before like when
you went back in time I mean his
previous time because even thinking
about berries in the new timeline so
he's he gonna tell her they had a thing
I don't think that's cause but it would
be really nice if I can we told it like
this is the second time we kiss and she
like what God controls general hiding to
get gold or is it a distraction for
Harrison wells now this got me thinking
a lot when I really thought about
because if you guys know no gorilla
grodd has a lot to do with gold where he
comes from he uses it as like you know
for money he uses it for to build
weapons so we did get to see the t's
near the ever you know we probably won't
see Gorilla Grodd anymore now for a
while but I do think he's gonna be one
of the main villains for next season and
I think he's gonna start recruiting
other gorillas and start making them
smarter so who knows when we'll see
Gorilla Grodd coming back now Eddie
finds out that Barry is actually married
to iris in the future and that of course
is going to discourage him and you know
in the promo he's not very happy about
that if I do believe Harrison Wells has
let him go because the damage is done
you already broke the guy's heart he has
no meaning to live anymore because you
pretty much said that he
the war's thon ever in history had
nothing to do with that just because he
had no powers or something like that
Grodd meets the flash team for the first
time and it was so good Raj is actually
getting smarter and bigger at the moment
the more he gets into people's minds the
more intelligence he gets and I believe
he actually gets stronger the Joe
actually has a one-on-one time with
Grodd and he does not like bananas I
started laughing if you guys haven't
seen my reaction video click right there
it makes your check those out one of my
most favorite fights I'm not to put in
my top five is for sure his grov versus
Barry for the first time when Barry goes
for that super punch it didn't work out
he basically just stopped that just
shows that Grodd is actually really
strong and he can actually take punches
from flash bear is gonna actually have
to use his mind more than his muscle
because that doesn't work on Grodd and
the CGI on gras was actually well put
together I thought it looked amazing
with the TV budget they got I thought it
looked real enough to me the general
knows that Barry's the flash and he
isn't worried about that you know that
is a good main factor because that means
he's not gonna go after him the general
wants to go after many humans actually
cause problems such as Captain Cold heat
wave and all that because they're the
ones actually cause crime while Barry is
actually helping out but I do believe
that general will be coming back next
season and he's actually going to be
playing a bigger part throughout the
season next year Harrison wells has the
key to the particle accelerator now why
does he have this does he want to cause
the same thing what he did in beginning
of the season or does he wanted to go
back in time I would say both I do
believe that Barry and the reverse-flash
we're gonna have one last big fight
throughout the end of the season and
they are gonna go back in time and I do
believe that Barry is going to be
meeting himself in the future remember
the other flash is stuck in the Speed
Force so I think that that Barry is
gonna meet Barry funny how you say that
right so he's gonna meet his future self
and I believe bury the older himself is
gonna tell him that you know you are
gonna do great things you're gonna be
part of a league you know there's just
things that I can't say right now but
just be aware that you are the future
overall great episode I can't wait for
next week's episode I'm really excited I
have like so much things to talk about
and I know for next week I'm going to
come up with a topic for wednesday after
I do my review Wednesday's video is
gonna be really good it's gonna be well
put together you guys are gonna see what
I'm going to be talking about I can't
say much of the surprise but you guys
will see the video and you guys will get
excited and
you guys are gonna be there to support
me on that Wednesday video I'm gonna
work really hard on it and I hope you
guys do enjoy it but that's all I got
for today my speedsters if you guys want
to watch more videos make sure to click
the top right and I'll take you to all
these other videos I've done about the
flash and other topics about DC my name
is Jerry and I am the best at what I do
and that is giving you that one-two
punch hi I'm Troy david and i run a
youtube spotlight video call Troy
spotlight check it out I will go through
all of your favorite characters Marvel
DC and tell you more than you ever
thought you'd want to know about these
characters Ultron goes away for a while
but comes back in the pages of Marvel
two and one on in the pages of Marvel
two-in-one we see the unfortunate end of
Jocasta but Ultron is covered in molten
adamantium which quickly solidifies
seemingly trapping the character inside
his own indestructible matrix